There are so many aspects to building a company in any domain. To name a few:
-Getting a team
-Getting on google
-Getting a logo
-Getting a website
-Selling, Marketing, Negotiating, Motivating
-Legal questions
-Investor questions
It seems so overwhelming...And it is! Starting a company is not easy. But you don't need to go out and read a book on every one of these topics. We know because some of us did!  It's hard. But its not as time consuming as some of us make it out to be. We help people get on their feet. We do it quickly, efficiently and cost effectively. And we do it in a number of ways(link). 

Say hi to us


Who are we?
-We are a crew of people with some wide ranging skills, ideas, and interests. We span many areas and many disciplines. 
-We're all doing or have done some sort of start up and have skills that save people time and money. 
-In our spare time we like talking about ideas, learning new skills, and meeting new people. We trade articles and advice with eachother all the time. 
-We like helping people. We like creating. We especially like helping people create products that are going to change the world. 

What can we provide?
Website building
SEO
Adwords
Iphone apps consulting
legal consulting and recommendation
VC consulting and recommendation(maybe introduction)
Logo designing
Business plan consulting
Team building consulting
Company management consulting
Accounting consulting
Negotiating consulting

Who is this for?
This is for young and energetic people who are working on something they started or want to start something. 

What makes us happy?
We like being happy. We dont work with people that make us unhappy and hope that you wont either. 
Here's what makes us happy and please expect us to do the same with you!
-Good communication and transparency
-Honesty
-Energy to see an idea to completion
-Nice people
-Realistic expectations of people
-Imagination


How does this work?
You contact us through the website. One of the managers will have a conversation with you. We get to know you and connect you with one or more partners that has a skillset and values that match your needs.

How do you join our team?
Say hi to us! We invite people to join. 

Who gives us advice?
We never turn down advice(hate our page? send us some yourself!)
We have a lot of friends and a lot of mentors and we take advice from them constantly. In the case of our business we have an advisory board that includes an expert in each skill we offer. 
SEO-guy who worked on google SEO(gabes friend)
Marketing-Max Martinez(COO Phroogal, sold laundry company for a lot of money)
Company management-Party headphone(runs high revenue online business)
Legal-get a start up lawyer(I know a few)
UI-?
VC-Morgan(partner at a16z)
Business plan-TA for business plan class(Joe Calderone works at big bank)

(not sure if we should have later stage, I kinda of like the focus of early on. I have a lot of VC connections, people who sold companies and professors but probably good to have young people)

How much does this all cost?
That depends! Depending on what you want and which partner you're working with, the price can range from 0- infinite.
Maybe its some free advice, maybe it's paying for someones time, maybe its paying for something tangible(like a website or logo), or maybe if you get the partner interested enough you can come up with an equity arrangement!

We'll always keep your financial needs in mind when connecting you with a partner


What else?
You want to learn skills? You want to talk about ideas? You have no idea about any of this but it sounds cool?
Lets chat!(say hi below